Add README (#8)
JuliaEarth/GeoTIFF.jl: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/JuliaEarth/GeoTIFF.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/JuliaEarth/GeoTIFF.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaEarth/GeoTIFF.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaEarth/GeoTIFF.jl)

> Load and save GeoTIFF files simply and efficiently in pure Julia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load and save GeoTIFF files in native Julia.
```

 RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)     RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)
 ⋮                                                                               ⋱                                          
 RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)     RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)
 RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)     RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)  RGB(1.0, 1.0, 1.0)
```

Use the `GeoTIFF.metadata` to get the metadata object:

```julia
julia> metadata = GeoTIFF.metadata(geotiff)
GeoTIFF.Metadata(...)
```

GeoTIFF.jl defines several utilities to easily retrieve metadata information:

```julia
julia> GeoTIFF.rastertype(metadata) == GeoTIFF.PixelIsArea
true

julia> GeoTIFF.modeltype(metadata) == GeoTIFF.Projected2D
true

julia> GeoTIFF.epsgcode(metadata) |> Int # GeoTIFF uses UInt16 for integer values
32617
```

### Saving GeoTIFF files

The `GeoTIFF.save` function can be used to save tiff images, color arrays,
or channel arrays into new GeoTIFF files with given metadata:

```julia
julia> using Colors

> julia> GeoTIFF.save("geotiff.tiff", geotiff)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> julia> GeoTIFF.save("tiff_img.tiff", tiff) # default metadata

Reviewer: This example doesn't need to involve the TiffImages.jl internals. Please assume that the geotiff file is already loaded into memory, and explain how to save it with GeoTIFF.save. You can also explain how to convert from a simple TIFF to a GeoTIFF with the addition of metadata.
